c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.pdb
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\obj\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\obj\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\obj\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.pdb
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\Organization_Structure.Domain.dll.config
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dnc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Organization_Structure\Organization_Structure.Domain\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
